building binaries with Konflux docs (#321)
konflux-ci/docs: modules/building/pages/konflux-build-binaries.adoc

= Building Binaries in {ProductName}

This guide provides guidelines on how to build binaries within {ProductName}.

== Theory

> The fundamental process involves creating a Dockerfile to encapsulate your binary build process. This is similar to your existing build process, but it's executed inside a Docker container. You'll then define your application and component in {ProductName} as you normally would. For details on this, refer to xref:creating.adoc[Creating applications and components].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fundamental process involves creating a Containerfile to encapsulate your binary build process, similar to the production of container images. This allows you to define applications and components in {ProductName} as you xref:creating.adoc[normally would].
```

> If you're unfamiliar with Dockerfiles, consult the official link:https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/[documentation].

Reviewer: We should use `Containerfiles` but there isn't as clear of an authoritative documentation source as there is for a Dockerfile.

https://github.com/containers/buildah/blob/main/docs/buildah-build.1.md ?

Author: What do you suggest then? I can change it to Container file, but I still prefer the Dockerfile reference docs. Maybe I can remove the link altogether

Author: Fixed

== Example

> Let's assume you have a shell script named `build-binary.sh` in your repository that compiles your binary. A basic Dockerfile would resemble this:

Reviewer: Should you put this header within the partial?
